and hello everyone with you i am lord to you today
I wanted to show you how to create even
do not create server bukkit stuffing I throw off
description with starter and c + is also the same
craftbukkit itself only
we start a starter that is old. bat he
immersing i'm putting on going on
client with modifications
create sleeps are created more precisely
and
and we needed to create such a file
text can be here a text document but also
via notepad + do not open notepad +
looking for a line like online but if y
you can leave kotova vision
three me while pirate you month
Ilyenko but I did not use close
This is all entering the server stop hiding
and basically everything became the very small I
immediately show mods and plugins
we just put and plugins and fashion
I will delete them immediately for the amount I already have
modified and and again he will create a world
so here we have at once for a long time not to think but
Now
save so but it runs with us
for quite a long time this way with 2 live
him from register so so as
continues and go all or not still
wait, let's go faster, here it is located
closer to the finish
and so on so i have a really long time
Stark mods progress and even 5 seconds
but in general, and all again charging all
equal client and
and and
that we included so we won
sunk already
check everything charges Lena so you put
just from any mod should fly out on
Kraft times here we are with loads charges our
battery and stable if you
like the guide then put the likes
the channel is signed and you can also tell
you need an assembly period I'll post
server and client version 64
and what to say signed channel put
likes everyone bye